README.md, before:

# TimeLog Workflow for [Alfred 3](https://www.alfredapp.com)

[![Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicense-blue.svg)](http://unlicense.org/)


Start tracking time in [TimeLog](https://www.timelog.com/en/) with a quick `tl` command at your fingertips :watch:

![TimeLog Workflow for Alfred 3](screenshot.png)

### Installation

1. [Download](https://github.com/mathiasjakobsen/alfred-timelog/releases) latests release
2. Double-click the `timelog.alfredworkflow` package to install
3. Run the `timelog login` command, with your TimeLog credentials, to log in
4. Start tracking time, without Microsoft Silverlight. Great success :tada:

### Commands

- `timelog login` will log in on your TimeLog account. Required for workflow to work.

- `tl` will display active task being tracked, if any. Otherwise, just a placeholder.

- `tl [query]` will fuzzy search your tasks. Hit enter on a task to start tracking time on that task.

### Disclaimer

This is an unofficial client for the [TimeLog Project APIs](https://api.timelog.com/), and it's not affiliated with TimeLog A/S. Use at your own risk. If you are looking for the offical SDKs, they can be found here [`TimeLog/TimeLogApiSdk`](https://github.com/TimeLog/TimeLogApiSdk).

Commit message:

Add a small to-do list, so I don't forget..

README.md, after:

# TimeLog Workflow for [Alfred 3](https://www.alfredapp.com)

[![Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicense-blue.svg)](http://unlicense.org/)


Start tracking time in [TimeLog](https://www.timelog.com/en/) with a quick `tl` command at your fingertips :watch:

![TimeLog Workflow for Alfred 3](screenshot.png)

### Installation

1. [Download](https://github.com/mathiasjakobsen/alfred-timelog/releases) latests release
2. Double-click the `timelog.alfredworkflow` package to install
3. Run the `timelog login` command, with your TimeLog credentials, to log in
4. Start tracking time, without Microsoft Silverlight. Great success :tada:

### Commands

- `timelog login` will log in on your TimeLog account. Required for workflow to work.

- `tl` will display active task being tracked, if any. Otherwise, just a placeholder.

- `tl [query]` will fuzzy search your tasks. Hit enter on a task to start tracking time on that task.

### To-Do

- [x] Trigger macOS *Notification Center* notificaitons, for better UI feedback
- [ ] List completed work of the day, when query is empty
- [ ] Optionally accept a decription, when completing a task
- [ ] Ammend previous work

### Disclaimer

This is an unofficial client for the [TimeLog Project APIs](https://api.timelog.com/), and it's not affiliated with TimeLog A/S. Use at your own risk. If you are looking for the offical SDKs, they can be found here [`TimeLog/TimeLogApiSdk`](https://github.com/TimeLog/TimeLogApiSdk).
